Add `keep_rgb` option when saving JPEG to prevent conversion of RGB colorspace (#7553)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/handbook/image-file-formats.rst

**exif**
    If present, the image will be stored with the provided raw EXIF data.

> **keep_colorspace**

Reviewer: For me this is not clear name, since it affects only RGB to YCbCr conversion

Author: It prevents libjpeg from doing _any_ automatic colorspace conversion, and currently that's only relevant for RGB to YCbCr.  If you'd prefer, I can rename to e.g. `keep_rgb` and change the code to specifically only handle the RGB case.

Reviewer 2: I think this is better than `keep_rgb` would be.

**exif**
    If present, the image will be stored with the provided raw EXIF data.

**keep_rgb**
    If present and true, and the image's color space is RGB, the image will

>     be stored as RGB instead of automatically converted to YCbCr.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    By default, RGB colorspace images will be converted to YCbCr by libjpeg.

    If this option is present and true, those images will be stored as RGB instead.
```

Author: Updated with a variant of this.

**exif**
    If present, the image will be stored with the provided raw EXIF data.

**keep_rgb**
    By default, libjpeg converts images with an RGB color space to YCbCr.
    If this option is present and true, those images will be stored as RGB
    instead.

    When this option is enabled, attempting to chroma-subsample RGB images

>     with the ``subsampling`` option will result in an error.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    with the ``subsampling`` option will raise an :py:exc:`OSError`.
```
